b-ids-conformance - how close is this client to the browser it claims to be?

A field-level diff, never a digest comparison. A digest says two things differ
without saying what; this names which extension moved, which setting is absent,
and which header changed position.

usage:
  b-ids-conformance --claim ID --observed FILE [--root DIR] [--json]
  b-ids-conformance --stack STACK --claim ID [--root DIR] [--json]
  b-ids-conformance --list
  b-ids-conformance --fixture

  --claim ID       the profile in the corpus this client says it is
  --observed FILE  a captured profile produced from the client under test
  --stack STACK    ⭐ EMIT-04. Compare the claim against what THIS project's own
                   emitter produces for that stack, with no capture and no
                   network: the bytes are written by b_ids_emit and read back by
                   b_ids_harness, so the writer is not the reader.
                   ⛔ A stack with no emitter behind it exits 2 and names the
                   ones there are. EMIT-04's rule is not to claim a target the
                   conformance run has not passed.
                   ⚠ It replaces --observed rather than adding to it.
  --root DIR       the corpus to read the claim from. Defaults to
                   B_IDS_CORPUS_ROOT, then the nearest corpus above the
                   working directory.
  --json           emit the conformance/1 document instead of the report
  --list           print every field this comparison knows, and exit
  --fixture        compare a profile against a copy of itself with two
                   extensions swapped, and assert the report names exactly
                   that one field

exit codes:
  0  every field both sides carry agrees
  1  at least one field differs
  2  could not run

The observed side is a file rather than a live capture. Capturing a client
means standing up the harness and pointing the client at it, which
experiments/10-first-profile.sh already does for a browser. Run the capture
once and this as often as you like.

A not-checkable field is not a passing one. It is a field one side does not
carry, and nothing was compared on it.

TODO/validator.md, VALID-05.
